# avabodha-api

> **Note**: The project is work in progress and we have not yet reached an MVP. The README will be updated soon with more details.

The Sanskrit word "avabodha" (अवबोध) is derived from the root verb "budh" which means "to awaken" or "to know".

"Avabodha" refers to the act of comprehending or understanding deeply, or a clear and complete perception of something.

It can also be translated as "realization" or "enlightenment".

The LMS facilates a smooth flow of interaction between instructors and students.

Teachers can post study material and quizzes which can enhance a student's understaning of a subject.

Our free to use open source LMS is primarily targetted at small institutes and independent private tutors who can manage their batches easily.

## Run

```shell
docker run --rm -p 27017:27017 mongo
uvicorn api.main:app --reload --port 8080
```

You can view the autogenerated api docs at the `/docs` endpoint.

## Known inefficiencies

- for classroom people endpoint, one query is to retain the entire classroom with linked fetched(internally beanie does $lookups prolly ie left outer joins). then another query with projection to get limited details of people

- every time we get a roled_classroom, all the fields and links are fetched even if they may not be used, ... i heard projections help reduce database load. but again projection models cant be used to update anything in the db

- in general the rcdep may not be fully efficient for all the endpoints i am using it